#summary How to set up the application to work.
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =
Installing the carpool application is pretty simple, but requires some work. The basic requirements are a web server that supports PHP (nothing other than Apache 2 tested yet, though), with SQLite and gettext extensions installed.

= Details =
 # Check out all the files from the SVN. You should have the following folders:
  * public - This folder contains all the public data - web pages, JS, CSS, etc.
  * app - This folder contains the main application files. This includes all non-public source files.
  * data - This folder contains the SQLite database file.
  * lang - This folder contains the gettext files required for translations.
  * conf - This folder contains configuration files.
 # Put the files on your web server. The "public" folder should be publicly accessible; the rest shouldn't.
 # Use any text editor to open "env.php" (in the public folder) and point the various paths to their corresponding path on the disk. 
 # On Linux environment, make sure that both SQLite database file and the "data" folder have "write" permissions for the user under which the web server is running (usually www-data). 
{{{
sudo chown -R www-data data
}}}
 # The same if you want to enable the logger. Create an empty log file and assign ownership to the user under which the web server runs:
{{{
touch carpool.log
chown www-data carpool.log
}}}
 # On Linux environments, for translations support, you might need to generate the relevant locale. For Hebrew support, for example, run the following command (from the shell, with root permissions):
{{{
locale-gen he_IL.UTF-8
}}}